TINY-9713: fix `--enabled` for `tox-button` and `tox-button--secondary` (#8585)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Enabling or Disabling checkboxes would not set the correct classes and attributes. #TINY-4189
- Table toolbar was visible even if the table was within a noneditable host element. #TINY-9664
- Quickbar toolbars was shown for noneditable contents in a noneditable root. #TINY-9460

> - Togglable `tox-button` and `tox-button--secondary` did manage `hover` when `active`. #TINY-9713

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled variant of togglable `tox-button` and `tox-button--secondary` now supports `hover`/`active`/`focus`/`disabled` states. #TINY-9713
```

Author: changed
